>> Nina Zakharenko: By coding along with
me in this intermediate Python workshop,
you're gonna learn how to use
object oriented programming to
organize your code.
You're gonna learn how
to diagnose problems
in your Python programs by understanding
exceptions, and even writing your own.
We're gonna work with new features in
Python3 that make Python easier than ever,
such as f strings.
You are gonna learn a little bit about
generators, a Python feature that allows
you to loop over a large data
sets in a memory efficient way.
You are also going to learn about list
comprehensions, dictionary comprehensions,
and other advanced ways
of looping in Python.
Lastly, for the final exercise, you're
gonna learn how to use an interactive API.
And build a web application efficiently
using the Flask web framework
to make a really cool site that lets
us filter GitHub repositories for
a particular language by
their number of stars.
Taking a peek at that final exercise, here
we go, we can filter by languages, Submit.
And our little web app is gonna
hit the GitHub search API and
come back with results.